and tomorrow the city center will be again
closed due to regular rehearsal
parade victory Lenin Avenue will
walking from 2 to 3 days on the plot
bran must soviet ace 15 to six
evenings on the May Day
pre-Soviet by the way according to
organizers this time the parade will be held
much more spectacular year of the 70th anniversary
a memorable date on street mesh corals
will be the latest military equipment
as well as foot columns, including
the immortal regiment at one of the rehearsals
the parade was visited by our film crew
screaming cheers May 9th will no doubt be
louder and clearer rehearsal parade
victories are held specifically to
debug all the mechanisms in the end every
each sound step will be in one
coordinated mechanism
trumpet horn saxophone and drums
conductor wave military band
takes the right note polish forbidden
not according to charter
annually victory parade your king
passes to the accompaniment of military
orchestra
eat caroline missile division
holy war farewell slavyanka day
victories are only part of marches honed to
tooth musicians becomes clear with
At first glance, the mood of the parade in the year
70th anniversary of the victory of the great patriotic
will be especially solemn and then year
events will be a bigger parade
authors will stand over 2,000 people
for the first time our breed will pass 3
ceremonial calculations
whom you eat from the girls
besides it will probably be in as usual
people are used to seeing the technique of time
of war
I want to please the citizens that there will be
a lot of technology representative
small beautiful Misha jam then
enters the parade annually especially
like to look at military equipment and
how four-legged friends are marching
however watching the parade for three years
in a row among the marching eyes sought
his mother admits to the boy in the past
year my mother took part I
very proud to merge I can wait it’s time
on
one little look like rehearsals
grandfather working in the system ufsin elena brew
chicago notes marching on parade
victory is an honor such an opportunity
far from all
the fair sex even
on child care leave elena is not
could not come to look at
his colleagues beautiful form of course and but
attention is drawn to this female box
as well as a box of dog handlers with dogs
they are considered the most such
privileged most interesting
boxes well that men are very military
many different forms of course very much
beautiful women always stand out very
helpful to her colleagues came to rejoice
for them to learn from
at the parade rehearsal say thank you grandfather
for the victory on May 9 everyone will be able
Mary El continues to participate in the action
immortal regiment on the day of victory
the parade will be a box of which
el marians in whose families are alive
memory
war veteran ah winners they will incur
pillars with photos of their
relatives who fought on the front or
worked in the rear according to preliminary
calculations of the organizers in the action will take
participation of about one and a half thousand people
surely parade rehearsals in all
Russian cities somehow attract
behind the blocking of coral roads is not
exceptions spend them at night like this
doing for example in Moscow is hardly the best
way since your caroline parade
victories take part and children students
cadet classes may 9 solemn
parade dedicated to the 70th anniversary
Victory in the Great Patriotic War
the tower will start at 11 o'clock
Well